📖 docs(amp-accordion): add readme docs for 1.0 amp-accordion (#35976)
ampproject/amphtml: docs/spec/bento-common-props.md

# Common Props in Preact/React Bento Components

The following are common props that should be be supported in al Bento Preact/React Bento Components when possible.

## `as`

Allows consumer to customize the html tag that is used to implement a component.

> ## `class`

Reviewer: Note that Preact supports `class` and React supports `className`

Author: Hmm I've been seeing existing components take `class` as a prop. So doesn't that mean that those components would break for React consumers? 

Also, what would be recommendation for a preact/react-agnostic way of accept classes as a prop?

Reviewer: good question, the components should all take `class` and the react build will convert that to `className` -- this is related to #35678 which @alanorozco is working on

I think it's fine to do either of:
```
## `class` (Preact only) or `className` (React only)
```
or
```
## `class` (Preact only)

## `className` (React only)
```

Author: went with the latter - done

Allows consumer to add class(es) to the given component.

## `id`

Allows consumer to set the `id` attribute on the given component.

## `role`

Allows consumer to set the `role` attribute on the given component to control accessibility characteristics.

> ## `tabindex`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## `tabIndex`
```

Author: updated

> Allows consumer to set the `tabindex` attribute on the given component to control tab order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows consumer to set the `tabIndex` attribute on the given component to control tab order.
```

Author: updated

# Common Props in Preact/React Bento Components

> The following are common props that should be be supported in al Bento Preact/React Bento Components when possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following are common props that are supported in all Bento Preact/React Bento Components.
```

Author: I'm fine with taking your phrasing, but I worded it like that because these props aren't actually supported in all components. Do we/should we consider it a bug if a component doesn't support all these props?

Reviewer: Yes, let's file an issue to keep track of this effort. Most components should support these by default via `...rest` props, but if they are destructured out for whatever reason we should just make sure they continue to be propagated.
